docs: add rook-ceph known issue (#2601)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/integrations/rook-ceph.md

4. Use the password you receive in the output with the username `admin` to log in to the Ceph Dashboard.

### Known Issues

> - If a cluster experiences network issues, it's possible for the file mount to become unavailable and it will remain
>   unavailable even after network is restored. This a known issue disclosed in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a cluster experiences network issues, it's possible for the file mount to become unavailable and remain
  unavailable even after the network is restored. This a known issue disclosed in the
```
Minor simplification suggestion

4. Use the password you receive in the output with the username `admin` to log in to the Ceph Dashboard.

### Known Issues

> - If a cluster experiences network issues, it's possible for the file mount to become unavailable and it will remain
>   unavailable even after network is restored. This a known issue disclosed in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a cluster experiences network issues, it's possible for the file mount to become unavailable and remain
  unavailable even after the network is restored. This a known issue disclosed in the
```

4. Use the password you receive in the output with the username `admin` to log in to the Ceph Dashboard.

### Known Issues

> - If a cluster experiences network issues, it's possible for the file mount to become unavailable and it will remain
>   unavailable even after network is restored. This a known issue disclosed in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a cluster experiences network issues, it's possible for the file mount to become unavailable and remain
  unavailable even after the network is restored. This a known issue disclosed in the
```

</Tabs>

## Troubleshooting

### File Mount Becomes Unavailable after Cluster Experiences Network Issues

> A known issue exists with Rook-Ceph that if your cluster experiences network issues, file mount becomes unavailable and
> remains unavailable even after the network is restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A known issue exists with Rook-Ceph where file mounts become unavailable and remain unavailable even after network issues are resolved.
```
Suggestion for a simpler way to phrase the statement.

#### Debug Steps

1. One way to debug is to reboot the node that is experiencing the issues. If you are unable to reboot the node, or if
   rebooting the node does not fix the issue, continue to the following steps.

2. Connect to your cluster via the command-line. For more information, refer to
   [Access Cluster with CLI](/docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-management/palette-webctl.md).

3. Issue the following command to identify Persistent Volume Claims (PVC) from Ceph File System (FS).

   ```shell
   kubectl get pvc --all | grep "cephFS"
   ```

> 4. Scale down all workloads, including pods, deployments, and StatefulSets using the PVC to zero.

Reviewer: @lennessyy Because we are dealing with deployments, and statefulset. Maybe we should avoid tabs and instead give the commands sequentially for the user to issue. That way, we avoid a situation where someone deletes a pod that belongs to a deployment and it keeps coming back (k8s beginner mistake). I propose, we start with statefulset, deployments, and then have them delete whatever pods are remaining.

   <Tabs>

   <TabItem label="Pods" value="pods">

   To scale down a pod, delete it.

   ```shell
   kubectl delete pods pod-name
   ```

   </TabItem>

   <TabItem label="StatefulSet" value="stateful-set">

   To scale down a StatefulSet, use the following command. Replace `statefulset-name` with the name of the StatefulSet.

   ```shell
   kubectl scale statefulset statefulset-name --replicas=0
   ```

   </TabItem>

   <TabItem label="Deployment" value="deployment">

   To scale down a deployment, use the following command. Replace `deployment-name` with the name of the deployment.

   ```shell
   kubectl scale deployment deployment-name --replicas=0
   ```

   </TabItem>

   </Tabs>

   :::tip

   If you do not know which workloads use the PVC, you can start by getting a list of all pods that are using PVCs and
   their PVC names with the following command.

>    ```shell

Reviewer: Excellent way of helping the reader 😄

   kubectl get pods --all-namespaces --output=json | jq '.items[] | {name: .metadata.name, namespace: .metadata.namespace, claimName: .spec |  select( has ("volumes") ).volumes[] | select( has ("persistentVolumeClaim") ).persistentVolumeClaim.claimName }'
   ```

   You can then find workloads that are associated with the pods and scale them down to zero.

   :::

> 5. Once all the workloads are scaled down, this will trigger a unmount and fresh mount of cephFS volumes. Ensure that
>    all workloads are scaled down to zero. Even if one pod remains that uses the PVC, the unmount will not happen and the
>    issue will not be resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once all the workloads are scaled down, all existing volume mounts will be unmounted, followed by fresh new mounts of cephFS volumes. Ensure that
   all workloads are scaled down to zero. Even if one pod remains that uses the PVC, the unmount will not happen and the
   issue will not be resolved.
```
The first sentence was a bit tricky to read. Take a peek at the suggestion and see if you think it's okay.
